# 1. Introduction

Provide a short paragraph that describes your system. This paragraph should contain the value proposition and a description of the software's main features. Include a link to your project on GitHub at the end of the introduction.

Grading criteria (1 point): This section will be evaluated in terms of correctness, completeness, thoroughness, consistency, coherence, and adequate use of language. The description should be consistent with the current state of the project. You should include the link to GitHub.

# 2. Implemented requirements

List in this section each requirement and associated pull request each member implemented for this release. Follow the example below---include the description of the requirement, a link to the issue, a link to the pull request(s) that implement the requirement, who implemented the requirement, who approved it, and a print screen that depicts the implemented feature (if applicable). I expect that you implement features you specified in your MVP (c.f. D.2 Requirements). All implemented features should have an automated test to verify their correct functioning. 

Create subsections for each group member. All group members should have worked on implementation activities and submitted pull requests. Only stable code should be included in the release. The code that is still under development should be in branches. See the example:

Example of Requirement Description
Requirement: As a Student, I want to add a homework assignment so that I can organize my ToDo list.

Issue: https://github.com/fake-user/project/issues/45Links to an external site.

Pull request: https://github.com/fake-user/project/pull/426Links to an external site.

Implemented by: Martin Fowler

Approved by: Ada Lovelace

Print screen: A print screen that depicts the implemented feature (if applicable)

Remember: All source code should be submitted by means of pull requests, and the Reviewer should review and approve each pull request. For more information about pull requests: https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/Links to an external site.  

Grading criteria (10 points): This section will be evaluated in terms of correctness, completeness, thoroughness, consistency, coherence, adequate use of language, and amount of work put into the implementation. Students can receive different grades depending on their involvement. It is expected that all members contribute with non-trivial implementation. All pull requests should be approved and integrated by the Reviewer. You should follow an adequate workflow (description of the requirement on the issue tracker, submission of the implemented requirement as a pull request, and review of the pull request by another developer). 

## 2.1

**Requirement: As someone concerned about my health, I want to track my calories, so I can lose unwanted weight.**

**Issue: https://github.com/abg287/Balanced/issues/5**

**Pull request: https://github.com/abg287/Balanced/pull/24**

**Implemented by: Alonso Garcia**

**Approved by: Robert McClung**

**Print screen:** [./images/AddFood.png]

# 3. Tests

You should implement automated tests that aim to verify the correct behavior of your code. Provide the following information:

Test framework you used to develop your tests (e.g., JUnit, unittest, pytest, etc.)
Link to your GitHub folder where your automated unit tests are located
An example of a test case. Include in your answer a GitHub link to the class being tested and to the test
A print screen showing the result of the execution of the automated tests
Grading criteria (4 points): You should have an adequate number of automated tests. They should be well-written to exercise the main components of your system, covering the relevant inputs.

# 4. Adopted technologies

List the adopted technologies with a brief description and justification for choosing them.

Grading criteria (1 point): This section will be evaluated in terms of correctness, completeness, thoroughness, consistency, coherence, and adequate use of language.

# 5. Learning/training

Describe the strategies employed by the team to learn the adopted technologies. 

Grading criteria (1 point): This section will be evaluated in terms of correctness, completeness, thoroughness, consistency, coherence, and adequate use of language.

# 6. Deployment

Provide a link for the system in production and describe how you are deploying your system. 

Some alternatives for deploying your system in the cloud: 

AWS. AWS Educate offers free credits for students. See the tutorial at https://docker-curriculum.com/Links to an external site. on how to create a container and deploy it on AWS. 
Digital Ocean or Azure. As part of the GitHub Education benefits, as a student, you can get $100 at Digital Ocean and $100 at Microsoft Azure cloud computing platforms (see more details at https://education.github.com/studentsLinks to an external site.).
Oracle Cloud. Oracle offers a free tier in its cloud environment that should be more than enough for your needs.
Firebase. Firebase can be a good choice if you are building a mobile phone app. 
 Grading criteria (3 points): This section will be graded based on the adequate use of the technology and its adequate description. 

# 7. Licensing

Inform the license you adopted for your source code (remember to configure GitHub accordingly). Explain why you adopted this license. For more information, check https://choosealicense.com/Links to an external site..

Grading criteria (1 point): This section will be evaluated in terms of correctness, completeness, thoroughness, consistency, coherence, and adequate use of language.

# 8. README File

You should also prepare your repository to receive new developers. You should prepare a README.md file. See an example at https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2Links to an external site.. In the README file, the current version of the software should be stated. You should follow the Semantic VersioningLinks to an external site. schema. Tag the GitHub repository accordingly (see Git Basics TaggingLinks to an external site.). 

Your repository should contain a CONTRIBUTING.md file, a LICENSE file, and a CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md file. Search online for some examples of these files. In this section of the deliverable, put links to these files on GitHub.

Grading criteria (3 points): This section will be based on the presence and quality of the information presented in the files.

# 9. Look & feel

Describe the approach you adopted to design your user interface. Include some screenshots.

Grading criteria (3 points): This section will be graded based on the appearance (aesthetics) and usability (ease of use) of the system.

# 10. Lessons learned

In retrospective, describe what your team learned during this first release and what you are planning to change for the second release. 

Grading criteria (2 points): Adequate reflection about problems and solutions, clear description with adequate use of language. 

# 11. Demo

Include a link to a video showing the system working.

Grading criteria (6 points): This section will be graded based on the quality of the video and on the evidence that the features are running as expected. Additional criteria are the relevance of the demonstrated functionalities, the correctness of the functionalities, and the quality of the developed system from the external point of view (user interface).

