# 1. Description

Balanced is a free meal planning website that helps young adults in college, and gym goers, maintain healthy dietary habits by tracking the nutritional value of their previous meals and offering personalized recommendations to meet their nutritional needs for their next meal.

Balanced is still in the works of getting all it’s features finalized, but it currently includes its main features of a simple interface, logging meals, tracking physical data, like weight and height, a database that stores food for users to see what they’ve eaten, and adding meals to the database. Future plans include profile creation, food recommendations, bmr calculator, progress tracking, and feedback submission.

# 2. Validation (user evaluation)

## Script

### Tasks

- Input physical data
- Add Meals that they've eaten with full nutrition
- Use the meal planner and review the meal/meals
- Use the recommendations page to see if it is helpful

### Questions

**Question 1**: How would you describe the layout of the UL?

**Question 2**: Do you consider our website easy to use and navigate? Why or why not?

**Question 3**: Is there anything else you would like to see implemented into the website?

**Question 4**: On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate the layout of our application?

**Question 5**: What would you say needs the most improvement? Why so?

**Question 6**: Would you consider using our website in the future?

#### Answered Questions

##### Orion

**Question 1**: “For the layout of the website I would say it looks very old and kinda ugly, I would rather have it changed to look nicer.” 

**Question 2**: “The website was very easy to navigate with it having all the links to the pages on the side.”

**Question 3**:  “I would like to see a page that can help give calorie needs for someone wanting to gain or lose weight, another idea would be having the recommendations page giving new foods after a refresh on the page”

**Question 4**: “I would scale the layout to be a 6 as it was very easy to use and navigate, but it was lacking in appeal compared to most websites nowadays”

**Question 5**: “I would say the layout needs the most improvement as all the features were cool but they also were limited in the recommendations.”

**Question 6**: “I would continue to use the website in the future though as it makes tracking my meals easier.”

##### Ellie

**Question 1**: “The user layout could look more appealing because it looks dull. However, I could still understand the layout and use it easily.” 

**Question 2**: “The website is easy to use and navigate in some parts. The easy parts are the home page since it shows me the meals I ate and my meal plan, the food form page since it tells what to enter, and the recommendation page is also easy to use and navigate since it only displays the recommendations. However, the physical page was a little confusing when the input form was a little jumbled together. But, when it displays it, it looks fine”

**Question 3**: “I would like to see the foods have their own section to display the reviews easily instead of them cluttered in one page. I would also like to see all the foods nutrients like sodium and all those little stuff”

**Question 4**: ”6 because the layout could have more improvements like color design and the way pages looked.” 

**Question 5**: “What needs the most improvement is definitely the layout like I said in question 4, so it can look more appealing.”

**Question 6**: “As of now no because I’m not too worried about what I eat, but when I do want to worry about it more, I would most likely choose this site to see it grow.”

##### Mark

**Question 1**: “It looks like a website I’d see in the 90s. Reminds me of Craigslist.”

**Question 2**: “The website is very plain, so it’s easy to find all the pages; but I don’t really understand the purpose of each page. I feel like most of them could all fit into the same web-page.”

**Question 3**: “Honestly, I think you should fix the meal planner before adding anything else. It feels incomplete.”

**Question 4**: “5. There’s effort, but not enough.”

**Question 5**: “Definitely the meal planner, I don’t really understand what I’m even looking at.”

**Question 6**: “No. Let me know in like a year.”

## Results

**Question 1 Trend**: The user layout is very dull/unappealing and should’ve been worked on to where it was the nicer to look at

**Question 2 Trend**: The website was very easy to navigate, could have been reduced to one page

**Question 3 Trend**: The users have said that the meal planner looks incomplete and needs to have more, maybe a refresh button that gives new meals . The add food page has different layout changes.

**Question 4 Trend**: 5-6 not that good looking

**Question 5 Trend**: What needs the most improvement is the layout of the website 

**Question 6 Trend**: No as it is missing some design and implementation ideas that would make the website more user friendly. 


## Reflections


